app folder -> app.c -> contains wrapper functions.
contains various apps
arch folder -> contains code tightly coupled with architecture like ARM, ARM64, x86, etc
function names would be same, only body should be different
cache operations would be arch specific
e.g. arch_spin_lock implementation is available in all arch sub-folders
build foldr(build-qemu....) contains output of build
dev folder contains device drivers - uart, usb,power,keys, interrupts
there is a include directory for each subfolder(specific arch, specific app, specific driver)
cmsis is part of external folder, as it is external to LK
kernel folder - scheduler, mem management, timers, mutex, semaphores, os primitives
vm = virtual memory, small bootloader type systems use it, logical address gets converted to physical address. mmu course has more details.
libs folder - independent standalone functionalities like circular buffer, console, heap, page table(translation to physical mem for mmu), version. these are standalone helper utilities
version info - arch, platform, target, project, build id
platform - this folder contains soc specific files. cpu files are in arch foldr
project - this folder contains makefiles for various boards picking various modules for the build
this folder also has target subfolder. target specifies platform specifies arch.
project adds layer on top of the target
scripts - this folder has some scripts for debugging, building
target - this folder has makefiles that specifies platform. board specific.
top contains main.c

------------------------------------------

building the kernel
1. go to project folder, and select a make file to build
2. outside the cloned folder, create a new folder for the user code changes.
3. new folder has its own makefile, and rules.mk for the project and app.
4. project1.mk is copied from project folder in lk.
5. app/hello should be added in project.mk - this is for adding app/hello folder to get included in compilation.
6. rules.mk defines .c files and includes module.mk(from lk)
7. APP_START - defines the struct with app name, and places it in the app section
8. if .init, and .entry is defined for the app, then kernel would execute those function.
9. STATIC_COMMAND_START,STATIC_COMMAND,STATIC_COMMAND_END - this adds a command for the console, and the function mapped to the command, will get executed, whenever this command is passed in console

